feat(launchpad): added examples on how to use charts with helmfile (#96)
graphops/docs: docs/launchpad/docs-map.md

# Launchpad Documentation

> Launchpad is a comprehensive toolkit designed for running a Graph Protocol Indexer on Kubernetes, aimed at providing the fastest route to production for multi-chain indexing with robust security and performance defaults. Suitable for environments ranging from a single node cluster to those scaling up to twenty nodes, Launchpad comprises an opinionated set of tools on your local machine. These tools are layered to offer a declarative workflow for managing your deployment stack. Key components of Launchpad include the Launchpad Starter ([`graphops/launchpad-starter`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-starter)), which serves as the initial setup point for new deployments; Launchpad Charts ([`graphops/launchpad-charts`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-charts)), a collection of Helm Charts for blockchains and web3 applications; and Launchpad Namespaces ([`graphops/launchpad-namespaces`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-namespaces)), which are preconfigured Kubernetes Namespaces that utilize Helmfile for enhanced management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launchpad is a comprehensive toolkit designed for running a Graph Protocol Indexer on Kubernetes, aimed at providing the fastest route to production deployments of multi-chain indexing software stacks with robust security and performance defaults. Suitable for environments ranging from a single node cluster to large scale multi-region clusters. Launchpad is also comprised of an opinionated set of tools that run on your local machine, that are layered to offer a declarative workflow for managing your deployment stack. Key components of Launchpad include the Launchpad Starter ([`graphops/launchpad-starter`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-starter)), which serves as the initial setup point for new deployments; Launchpad Charts ([`graphops/launchpad-charts`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-charts)), a collection of Helm Charts for blockchains and web3 applications; and Launchpad Namespaces ([`graphops/launchpad-namespaces`](https://github.com/graphops/launchpad-namespaces)), which are preconfigured Kubernetes Namespaces that utilize Helmfile for enhanced management.
```

Reviewer: started suggesting on this one as in particularly felt that the `up to twenty nodes` was reasonably arbitrary, why not 10, or 100? :p
